README.md, before:

# strapi-provider-upload-rokka

## Overview
This provider makes it easy to integrate [rokka.io](https://rokka.io/) into your [Strapi](https://strapi.io) application.

## Features
- creation and deletion of source images
- source image user metadata

## Installation and setup
Install the module
```sh
npm i strapi-provider-upload-rokka --save
```

Enable the provider, by adding the following snippet to `config/plugins.js`

# For Strapi 3

```js
module.exports = ({ env }) => ({
  upload: {
    provider: 'rokka',
    providerOptions: {
      apiKey: env('ROKKA_API_KEY'),
      org: env('ROKKA_ORG'),
      orgUrl: env('ROKKA_ORG_URL'), 
      uploadThumbnail: true
    },
  },
});
```

Copy (and adapt) the variables from `.env.example` to the `.env` file at the root of your Strapi application.

# For Strapi 4
```js
module.exports = ({ env }) => ({
  // ...
  upload: {
      config: {
          provider: 'strapi-provider-upload-rokka',
          providerOptions: {
              apiKey: env('ROKKA_API_KEY'),
              org: env('ROKKA_ORG'),
              orgUrl: env('ROKKA_ORG_URL'),
              uploadThumbnail: true
          },
      }
  },
});
```

Copy (and adapt) the variables from `.env.example` to the `.env` file at the root of your Strapi application.

You may also need to adapt the Content Security Policy in Strapi 4

Edit `config/middlewares.js` and replace `strapi::security` with 

```js
  {
   name:  'strapi::security',
    config: {
      contentSecurityPolicy:  {
        useDefaults: true,
        directives: {
          'img-src': ["https:", 'data:', 'blob:', "'self'"],
        },
      },
    }
  }
```

You should also disable `Enable responsive friendly upload` in your media library settings, otherwise you get the same image
with different sizes in rokka, which is not needed. Rokka handles the resizing for you.

# Config Options

## uploadThumbnail

Strapi uploads for each image also a "thumbnail" image for using in the media manager and other previews. This will
generate another small source image on rokka, but prevents having to download the maybe big source image in those previews.
Rokka could of course also generate that thumbnail out of the original source image without needing two source images, 
but we couldn't figure out a way to do that.

You can disable that feature with setting it to `false` or removing the attribute from the config file.

Commit message:

add meda-src for videos on the csp middleware

README.md, after:

# strapi-provider-upload-rokka

## Overview
This provider makes it easy to integrate [rokka.io](https://rokka.io/) into your [Strapi](https://strapi.io) application.

## Features
- creation and deletion of source images
- source image user metadata

## Installation and setup
Install the module
```sh
npm i strapi-provider-upload-rokka --save
```

Enable the provider, by adding the following snippet to `config/plugins.js`

# For Strapi 3

```js
module.exports = ({ env }) => ({
  upload: {
    provider: 'rokka',
    providerOptions: {
      apiKey: env('ROKKA_API_KEY'),
      org: env('ROKKA_ORG'),
      orgUrl: env('ROKKA_ORG_URL'), 
      uploadThumbnail: true
    },
  },
});
```

Copy (and adapt) the variables from `.env.example` to the `.env` file at the root of your Strapi application.

# For Strapi 4
```js
module.exports = ({ env }) => ({
  // ...
  upload: {
      config: {
          provider: 'strapi-provider-upload-rokka',
          providerOptions: {
              apiKey: env('ROKKA_API_KEY'),
              org: env('ROKKA_ORG'),
              orgUrl: env('ROKKA_ORG_URL'),
              uploadThumbnail: true
          },
      }
  },
});
```

Copy (and adapt) the variables from `.env.example` to the `.env` file at the root of your Strapi application.

You may also need to adapt the Content Security Policy in Strapi 4

Edit `config/middlewares.js` and replace `strapi::security` with 

```js
  {
   name:  'strapi::security',
    config: {
      contentSecurityPolicy:  {
        useDefaults: true,
        directives: {
          'img-src': ["https:", 'data:', 'blob:', "'self'"],
          'media-src':["https:", 'data:', 'blob:', "'self'"] // for videos hosted on rokka
        },
      },
    }
  }
```

You should also disable `Enable responsive friendly upload` in your media library settings, otherwise you get the same image
with different sizes in rokka, which is not needed. Rokka handles the resizing for you.

# Config Options

## uploadThumbnail

Strapi uploads for each image also a "thumbnail" image for using in the media manager and other previews. This will
generate another small source image on rokka, but prevents having to download the maybe big source image in those previews.
Rokka could of course also generate that thumbnail out of the original source image without needing two source images, 
but we couldn't figure out a way to do that.

You can disable that feature with setting it to `false` or removing the attribute from the config file.
